Okay, so our view page is starting to
take shape but obviously we need to get
some more CSS in here so that
the viewport isn't constrained like this.
And the first thing we're gonna need to
do is set some more styles on the body
element.
So we're going to open
our our styles.css file.
And we're gonna give
the body a height of 100 VH,
like this, and a margin of 0.
And then inside the layout,
we want the main element to fill as
much of the screen as possible
without exceeding its bounds.
So let us add a selector for main.
And we'll give it a height of 0,
but a flex of 1,
which is a bit of a odd combination,
but it basically means expand to
fill the space available but
don't take any more than that.
And we'll combine that
with overflow: hidden.
And now that we've done that we can get
rid of that constrained viewport size.
So we'll just delete that
height of 200 pixels there.
And it looks like we need to add
some more CSS in order to allow
the container to flex.
All right, once again we're adding
display flex to an element,
we're gonna give it a flex
direction of column.
And we're gonna give this
element a height of 100%.
In so now this is behaving
the way that we want it to.
So let's implement
the infinite loading here instead of
logging when we need to load some
more data will actually log the data.
It will actually load the data.
And we'll turn this
into an async function.
And because every time we scroll this
event fires we want to keep track of
whether we're already
loading the next data so
that we don't issue a whole
bunch of requests at once.
So I'm gonna add a new value appending and
default that to false.
First off, if there is no next page,
then we don't have anything to load.
So if data.next_page does not exist,
then we're just gonna bail it out.
And if we're already appending some data,
then we're gonna bail out as well.
We're gonna use the API
that we built earlier.
Because it's not using
any server only code,
it's quite okay to import
this into our page component.
We'll do const next equals await api.get.
And this time we're passing in
the Windows fetch objects instead of
the load event fetch object.
It's the same thing because
we've got a fully qualified URL.
And now we're gonna use the endpoint that
was returned from our load function.
The page parameter is
gonna be data.next_page.
And we're just gonna mutate
the array in place like we did in
the earlier exercise with our todos.
Data.movies equals we'll
copy the existing movies,
and then we'll add the next.results.
And we'll need to update
the next page as well.
Data.next_page equals next.page
is less than or the total pages.
And if we just copy the logic
from before it should work.
Otherwise that's gonna be null.
Okay, let's cross our fingers.
If this works,
then we're gonna have infinite loading.
And you can see that number on
the right is in fact increasing.
So, we've loaded all of this extra data,
but
we're not rendering it to the DOM,
we're only rendering 16 items at a time.
So that implements our trending,
upcoming, and now playing views.
I'm just gonna get rid of this debugging
code here because that's no longer
relevant.